hey everyone nathan here for PSN trophy
wiki and right now I'm going to show you
a great blood echo farming spot in
blood-borne so first you want to go to
the the lamp and forbidden woods now to
get here you have to be on a serve
towards the the early-mid game region so
I've defeated five bosses the last boss
I defeated was the witch of hem wick and
then a little bit after that you will
come to the forbidden woods and you want
to start from that lamp and then you
don't have to open up any shortcuts in
the area or anything like that but what
you're gonna do is you're gonna kill the
first three enemies as I did there
there's nothing to those guys and then
what you're gonna do is you're gonna
drop down here and target the middle dog
there so that hopefully your sweeping
attack will hit multiple enemies here it
does get hairy down here if you're doing
this this particular farming method
those guys with you see there's a guy
with the torch there and there's another
one as well and they can kill you really
quickly if you let them okay so be
careful when you drop down there but you
can see every single enemy is giving me
between approximately five hundred
echoes to seven hundred echoes which is
an absolute ton for this this point in
the game and the enemies really aren't
that dangerous and they go down in just
one or two hits and after you've killed
the the masses they're just go up the
hill quickly here and there's one more
guy you can kill for another seven
hundred echoes and he goes down just
with three hits and there's nothing to
him as well and now at this point you
just run back to the lamp and do it all
over again and there will be one more
guy typically alive here in the in the
midst of the bonfires over here and you
can pick up items on your way as you go
as well
okay so you can see that we are in 7826
blood echoes and just over two minutes
there unfortunately now we have to sit
through two loading screens because we
have to teleport back to Hunter's dream
and then teleport right back to the
forbidden woods so I will show you how
long these loading screens are just so
that you can get a full idea of how long
it takes to do one run of this okay so
once you factor in loading screens it's
about two and a half minutes for a
single run of 7826 Souls so I'll do
another complete run here for you to see
again but it's pretty much the same
thing okay so thanks for watching please
like comment and subscribe and consider
contributing to the wiki
you